[lit-html] Fix `ref` bug when auto-bound class method used as as callback (#2691)
lit/lit: .changeset/short-cooks-deliver.md

---

> 'lit-html': patch

Reviewer: Nit: Please add lit monorepo patch

I.e.:

```
'lit-html': patch
'lit': patch
```

Author: THANK YOU! 😌

---

> Fixs `ref` bug when auto-bound class method used as as callback could incorrectly receive `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes `ref` bug when auto-bound class method used as a callback could incorrectly receive `undefined`.
```
